Point Sideloading URL to the Sideloading Heading (#1282)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/publish/publish.md

|**Method**|**Use...**|
|:---------|:------------|

> |[Sideloading](../testing/create-a-network-shared-folder-catalog-for-task-pane-and-content-add-ins.md#sideload-your-add-in)|As part of your development process, to test your add-in running on Windows, iPad, Mac, or in a browser.|

Reviewer: I would recommend the following change instead and it won't be confused with the Windows-only article.
```suggestion
|[Sideloading](../testing/test-debug-office-add-ins.md#sideload-an-office-add-in-for-testing)|As part of your development process, to test your add-in running on Windows, iPad, Mac, or in a browser.|
```

Author: > I would recommend the following change instead and it won't be confused with the Windows-only article.

This is perfect. Thank you
